Better mistake don't delete void errors can happen even when processes are
carefully, followed you might enter the wrong quantity or associate the receipt
with the wrong purchase order. That's why it's important to remember.
Corrections must preserve the audit Trail instead of deleting an entry. The
proper action is to void it ensuring that the system maintains a clear and
transparent record of what occurred the concept in the immutable world of
financial systems. We fundamentally never delete history as if it never
happened, such an action would fundamentally compromised. The audit Trail
instead, we must reverse an erroneous transaction while preserving, a
transparent record of the original mistake and its correction, this action is
crucial for maintaining a perfect audit Trail and ensuring complete Financial
transparency. The action, if you identify an arrow in a submitted receipt,
locate that specific Receipt in your history and precisely select void receipt
the result. This action does not erase the original line item. Instead it
generates a new distinct document known as avoid consumption. This void
consumption acts as a negative entry, mathematically zeroing Out. The Ledger
impact of the original erroneous transaction, while critically preserving a
transparent, historical record that an error occurred and was systematically
corrected.